Some minor reformatting. (#784)
conda/conda-docs: README.md

# Conda documentation

> This repository includes documentation that is common for conda and conda-build (primarily a landing page at https://conda.io).

Author: ```suggestion
This repository includes documentation that is common for conda and conda-build (primarily landing pages at https://conda.io/).
```
